Add Supported Platforms topic (#1282)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/welcome-guide/supported-platforms.md

---
linktitle: Supported Platforms
title: Supported Platforms in Open 3D Engine
description: Get a list of host platforms and target platforms supported by Open 3D Engine (O3DE).
weight: 250
toc: true
---

**Open 3D Engine (O3DE)** supports several _host platforms_ for creating and developing games and simulations, and _target platforms_ on which these projects can run.

### Host platforms

| Host Platform | Platform-specific Documentation |
| --- | --- |
| Microsoft Windows | <ul><li>[Windows prerequisites and configuration](requirements/#microsoft-windows)</li><li>[Installing O3DE for Windows](setup/installing-windows)</li><li>[Creating projects from the CLI on Windows](create/creating-projects-using-cli/creating-windows/)<sup>1</sup></li><li>[Building O3DE from source on Windows](setup/setup-from-github/building-windows/)</li></ul> |
| Linux | <ul><li>[Linux prerequisites and configuration](requirements/#linux)</li><li>[Installing O3DE for Linux](setup/installing-linux)</li><li>[Creating projects from the CLI on Linux](create/creating-projects-using-cli/creating-linux/)<sup>1</sup></li><li>[Building O3DE from source on Linux](setup/setup-from-github/building-linux/)</li></ul> |

> | macOS | Support for developing on **macOS** is in an experimental stage. Documentation coming in 2022. |

Author: ```suggestion
| macOS | Support for developing on macOS is in an experimental stage. Documentation coming in 2022. |
```

<sup>1</sup> Platform-independent documentation on creating projects using **Project Manager** can be found [here](create/creating-projects-using-project-manager).

> For minimum hardware requirements for development on host platforms, refer to [System requirements](requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For minimum hardware requirements for development on host platforms, refer to [System Requirements](requirements).
```

Author: Funny you mention that, I kind of prefer this capitalization on links too, even though I've seen editors change this to use sentence casing.

---
linktitle: Supported Platforms
title: Supported Platforms in Open 3D Engine
description: Get a list of host platforms and target platforms supported by Open 3D Engine (O3DE).
weight: 250
toc: true
---

**Open 3D Engine (O3DE)** supports several _host platforms_ for creating and developing games and simulations, and _target platforms_ on which these projects can run.

### Host platforms

| Host Platform | Platform-specific Documentation |
| --- | --- |
| Microsoft Windows | <ul><li>[Windows prerequisites and configuration](requirements/#microsoft-windows)</li><li>[Installing O3DE for Windows](setup/installing-windows)</li><li>[Creating projects from the CLI on Windows](create/creating-projects-using-cli/creating-windows/)<sup>1</sup></li><li>[Building O3DE from source on Windows](setup/setup-from-github/building-windows/)</li></ul> |
| Linux | <ul><li>[Linux prerequisites and configuration](requirements/#linux)</li><li>[Installing O3DE for Linux](setup/installing-linux)</li><li>[Creating projects from the CLI on Linux](create/creating-projects-using-cli/creating-linux/)<sup>1</sup></li><li>[Building O3DE from source on Linux](setup/setup-from-github/building-linux/)</li></ul> |

> 

Author: ```suggestion
| macOS | |

```

<sup>1</sup> Platform-independent documentation on creating projects using **Project Manager** can be found [here](create/creating-projects-using-project-manager).

For minimum hardware requirements for development on host platforms, refer to [System requirements](requirements).

{{< note >}}
Support for developing on **macOS** is in an experimental stage. Documentation for developing on a Mac will be added at a later date.
{{< /note >}}

### Target platforms

| Target Platform | Platform-specific Documentation |
| --- | --- |
| Microsoft Windows | <ul><li>[Creating a release layout for Windows](/docs/user-guide/packaging/windows-release-builds/)</li></ul> |
| Linux | <ul><li>[Platform development support for Linux](/docs/user-guide/platforms/linux/)</li></ul> |

> | Android | <ul><li>[Platform development support for Android](/docs/user-guide/platforms/android/)</li></ul> |

Author: ```suggestion
| Android | <ul><li>[Platform development support for Android](/docs/user-guide/platforms/android/)</li></ul> |
| iOS | |
```

{{< note >}}

> Documentation for **macOS** and **iOS** as target platforms is expected at a later date.

Author: ```suggestion
Documentation for **macOS** and **iOS** as target platforms will be added at a later date.
```

---
linktitle: Supported Platforms
title: Supported Platforms in Open 3D Engine
description: Get a list of host platforms and target platforms supported by Open 3D Engine (O3DE).
weight: 250
toc: true
---

**Open 3D Engine (O3DE)** supports several _host platforms_ for creating and developing games and simulations, and _target platforms_ on which these projects can run.

### Host platforms

| Host Platform | Platform-specific Documentation |
| --- | --- |
| Microsoft Windows | <ul><li>[Windows prerequisites and configuration](requirements/#microsoft-windows)</li><li>[Installing O3DE for Windows](setup/installing-windows)</li><li>[Creating projects from the CLI on Windows](create/creating-projects-using-cli/creating-windows/)<sup>1</sup></li><li>[Building O3DE from source on Windows](setup/setup-from-github/building-windows/)</li></ul> |
| Linux | <ul><li>[Linux prerequisites and configuration](requirements/#linux)</li><li>[Installing O3DE for Linux](setup/installing-linux)</li><li>[Creating projects from the CLI on Linux](create/creating-projects-using-cli/creating-linux/)<sup>1</sup></li><li>[Building O3DE from source on Linux](setup/setup-from-github/building-linux/)</li></ul> |

> | macOS | |

Author: ```suggestion
| macOS | Support for developing on **macOS** is in an experimental stage. Documentation coming in 2022. |
```

<sup>1</sup> Platform-independent documentation on creating projects using **Project Manager** can be found [here](create/creating-projects-using-project-manager).

For minimum hardware requirements for development on host platforms, refer to [System requirements](requirements).

> {{< note >}}
> Support for developing on **macOS** is in an experimental stage. Documentation for developing on a Mac will be added at a later date.
> {{< /note >}}
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

### Target platforms

| Target Platform | Platform-specific Documentation |
| --- | --- |
| Microsoft Windows | <ul><li>[Creating a release layout for Windows](/docs/user-guide/packaging/windows-release-builds/)</li></ul> |
| Linux | <ul><li>[Platform development support for Linux](/docs/user-guide/platforms/linux/)</li></ul> |

> | Android | <ul><li>[Platform development support for Android](/docs/user-guide/platforms/android/)</li></ul> |
> | iOS | |

Author: ```suggestion
| Android | <ul><li>[Platform development support for Android](/docs/user-guide/platforms/android/)</li></ul> |
| macOS | Support for macOS as a target platform is in an experimental stage. Documentation coming in 2022. |
| iOS | Support for iOS as a target platform is in an experimental stage. Documentation coming in 2022. |
```

> {{< note >}}
> Documentation for **macOS** and **iOS** as target platforms will be added at a later date.
> {{< /note >}}

Author: ```suggestion
```
